{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In memory\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 2016 | St. Louis\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Project submitted to:\uc0\u8232 Sculpture -\'a0meterial as metaphor\
Materials:\uc0\u8232 Silk veils, garmet punches, video projection\
Keywords:\uc0\u8232 sculpture, memory, new media, projection\u8232 \
Started as an individual project, which projected a film about war (Please stop the war, 1950) on three distressed silk veils that are ceiling height. Viewers can walk around, sit down, and look at the projected footage distorted by the screens, to feel the traumatic memory of an individual.\
Later, I got a request to collaborate from another artist. She was interested in traumatic memories and healing of them. We utilized the whole studio space to make a dark room, installed the veils, and projected a film she made on them. The project works the same in terms of how it makes the viewers to walk and feel, yet contains an opposite message.\
\
\
playground\
2014-5|St.Louis\
Project submitted to:\uc0\u8232 Architecture Studio 211\u8232 Small Buildings Exhibition\
Program used:\uc0\u8232 Adobe Illustrator, photoshop, Rhinoceros\u8232 \u8232 Keywords:\u8232 module, playground, architecture\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I started out making a module, meaning it could be a collection of similar pieces, which could be duplicated. I tried to delineate different voids. Inspired by this sculpture made from modules, I designed a playground near soulard region, which layers different spaces in one place.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
bikefinder\
\
2016|st.louis\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This project is submitted to: Interaction Design: User Centered Applications\
Used programs: Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Sketch\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bikefinder.bitballoon.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Mockup page}}\
As a class project, I imagined a bikefinder program which would help a wide variety of potential customers to find their desired bike. Focus was on creating personas and fixing the prototype according to each persona\'92s user journey.\'a0\
Since this was the first mockup I made for websites, most work was done through photoshop and illustrator. To make the page more interactive, I learned \'a0css and javascript for the next projects.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
AMP\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This project is submitted to:\uc0\u8232 ARCH 311 - Grid Cloud Details, National Computed Architecture Exhibition\
Used Programs:\uc0\u8232 Rhinoceros, Grasshopper, AutoCAD, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop\
Responsibility:\uc0\u8232 Digital Development Team\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 As a studio class project, I and 9 teammates ideated, developed, and installed an architectural sculpture piece in T-Rex, a startup incubator located in downtown St. Louis.\
It was a great opportunity for practicing\'a0agile work cycles,\'a0making aggressive\'a0progress\'a0every week. I was a part of design development team, which focuses on generating a design and translating the design to a fabricate-able forms.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
summit\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Submitted to:\uc0\u8232 XCORE 311 - Interaction Design\
\uc0\u8232 \
Used programs:\uc0\u8232 Adobe\'a0Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Quartz Composer (Origami)\
\uc0\u8232 \
Responsibility:\uc0\u8232 information architecture, motion design\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 As a 3-person team, we were commissioned by a hospital, to make an application that could work as a personal healthcare coach.\
Given a tight schedule, we quickly generated personas, wireframes and did a user testing within the team. After narrowing down a frame to work on and a user journey, we developed graphics and UIs. I was in charge of making videos and interactive mockups. I learned\'a0Origami to put a right interaction in place. The final deliverable to the client was a video explaining the app (presented below), with the interactive mockup on the actual phone screen.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}